And I said, "Okay.
Are you rich people so direct?
I don't quite understand your three and five catties.
I don't know what you like.
Just buy gold
The house is written in your name
All in prime locations
A tremendous intellectual contribution
How did it go?
Are you happy?
Of course I'm happy.
In this way, even if you don't want me in the future
Then I'm also a little rich woman
There won't be a day
Guo Yunting
I just need your sincerity as a dowry
I have no room for sand in my eyes
If one day I find out
You did something wrong to me
I will leave with the child.
I would never do that.
Wait a minute.
Well, I'm still pregnant
Will it be bad for the child?
I have consulted a doctor.
You have passed the danger period of 3 months
Proper exercise is actually interesting for the fetus
Really of course
Do you really like children?
Mingming
Before I met you
I thought I wouldn't like anyone anymore
But I met you
All my previous principles have been broken
I will always like you alone
Of course I will love your children too
My heartbeat can guarantee me
I mean what I say.